DOCSP-16785 the the typo (#3297)
mongodb/docs-realm: temp/swift/swiftui/swiftui-previews.txt

Use Realm with SwiftUI Previews
===============================

.. meta:: 

>   :description: Use and debug SwiftUI previews while developing with Atlas App Services

Reviewer: This is a page specific to SDK functionality, not App Services functionality 
```suggestion
  :description: Use and debug SwiftUI Previews while developing with Atlas Device SDK with Swift.
```

>   :description: Use and debug SwiftUI Previews while developing with Atlas Device SDK for Swift.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :description: Use and debug SwiftUI Previews while developing with the Atlas Device SDK for Swift.
```
